Meeting Title: Brainstorm
Date: Sep 19
Meeting participants: Vikram Shanker

Transcript:
Me: The non-healthcare system. Businesses that have to pop up, right? Like, so what's the convergence of things we're seeing? We're seeing that there's going to be shifts in wealth. Well, actually, most of the wealth is concentrated in 2% of Americans, right? So you want to go after middle or upper class. One, 2, there's like all these— as an example, right, there's like all these retrofits about to be done that has nothing to do with insurance or billability. There might be some stuff there, but it's not like you're dealing with the payer system. Do you think it's a retrofit? Like, I have kind of noticed a pattern where everyone just moves when they get old. Like, it's not like, let me retrofit this. It's like, oh, I want to be closer to my kids because I have grandkids, because I want to be closer to family as my health gets worse. Like, I need less space, I don't want to maintain such a big thing. So like, I don't know that that directly translates to like equivalent retrofits. It may mean like there's an opportunity to create like a different kind of housing ecosystem for those people. I guess the traditional solution to this is the community. You know, like the old folks home, right? Like, the solution's not going to look like that, but that might be another opportunity that's not— Yeah. So the thing I think, like, I guess, and I don't want us to go too far down the rabbit hole because we should finish going through the topics, but I guess where my mind goes is like, There's a convergence of trends there where, okay, The big retirement homes, like we saw some stats in there, right? Like there's all this capital that's been booked, but very few, very little of this deployed. There's obviously urban versus rural, which has a very big difference in MVPs. There's a shortage of caregivers, which means that everything has to be more efficient in that regard. There's a shortage of housing in sufficient locations. There's also going to be, with a massive influx of people that are going to need stuff like this, I would anticipate the buyer criteria for moving to a new location. Is going to have things that need to be looked for. That previously, like real estate agents or supply demand. Like marketplaces didn't consider. I'm not saying there's a business there, but what I'm saying is like, like that's what I'm trying to get through in this conversation is like, what are like the third, like the tertiary sites that we As we start looking at the convergence of these things, right? These are all hypotheses, right? Like we have to go validate these, but I guess one question that's worth kind of zooming in on is there's different approaches even to solving problems, right? Like there's advisory. Like there's, what are the, I think it's worth kind of getting into what are the assumptions that underpin like each model. So there's buy and operate the business. À la PE or search. There's Some sort of advisory. Slash implementation model, depending on what you want to take on, what you want to do. Where you're charging like some semi-flat fee more predictably. Then There's actually building a product company. And then there's building a services company powered by AI. That's our 4th option, right? Uh, yes. There's building a services company, and then there's buying a services company. All a search fund. Which is different than the P fund. Operating, right? Well, I think the question is like, where is the juicy part of like the margin? Like how much? Yeah. It's not 100% clear to me that like the economics of buying a small size business, improving your margins. And then flipping it are amazing. Like the expectations for PE funds to like do reasonably well have gone up a lot. Yeah. Like I think they now have to like be able to underwrite 12%, uh, margin growth instead of like 5%. Based on the like way companies are valued now. And it's also like AI in those situations is one of the many levers like we were talking about. I think it has untapped potential and it's going to continuously need to evolve based on the size of the business. Like talking to a bunch of people like who are thinking about this kind of stuff, what's clear to me is a lot of people believe that distribution. Is like quickly becoming the big bottleneck over engineering. What do you mean by distribution? Like having customers to sell to. Like selling what to whom? Selling anything. Like, like the thesis of buying a business and flipping it is like, it's better to just start with my existing company. And fix it. Right. The reason MBAs did this really well over the past iteration of PEs and search funds is because all the shit they were fixing was like financial bookkeeping, like basic systems, like that kind of stuff. The reason I think the AI bros are going after this now is like the, uh, there's like a new PE fund that'll be announced, like that's going to be like the old Palantir's commercial guy, right? I've been talking to him. Oh, this is the one that you know. Yeah, right. And he basically was like, yeah, we haven't done anything with AI with like the port code that we already bought. And are like improving. Yeah. Or the portco, the other like portcos we're looking at and underwriting. Like all of it is just fucking rebuilding their engineering orgs. It basically sounds like their strategy is I'm going to take like 10 of like the best engineers that can do the forward deployed thing, like go sit in with like CTOs, do Yeah. They want like more hardcore engineers and then they'll find a few people that, and they'll expect the investing like side. Help with the execution. Yeah. Portco, like they have deal teams. They don't have like investor operator. So, and the deal team is the investor, like a deal team, there is no operator role, like, so a lot of like Long Lake, for example. Yes. They're hired, they're building out like a pseudo product team. So like, as I've been talking to Long Lake, a lot of like my role would be like join as a CTO or a CPO where I don't have to be the one doing the coding and shit. But like, I know like how to design an agent to like, or like how to map a problem into an agent. So it's like a lot of product work and then being able to like ship some stuff like alongside it, especially like what's agentically codable. And so they're building it, you know, where like people like me are trying to fill that like operator hole. So there are 2 different strategies to building. Um, So, but 2 different theses there on like what actually fix a company, fixes a company for the future generation. His take is almost kind of like AI, the reason, like his why now would not be AI helps my portco operate more efficiently. His why now is AI helps my fund operate more efficiently so I can get the type of returns I need. And I'm just taking 12 to 18 months to like redo The engineering and technical pieces of these companies, and so like those are the DCs they're underwriting. Say more about that. So when he says that helps the fund operate more efficiently, like instead of needing 50 people now, he only needs 20 people to run his. Fund, he only has to pay 20 salaries, and like his his like he's yeah. So he's like AI will turn a one x engineer into a two or three x engineer, but it will turn a ten x engineer. So with AI, like the reason it's why my why now of building my fund is now I only need like 5, 10x engineers. And I can like very quickly in 12 to 18 months, like rebuild the tech stacks. Of $10 to $50 million ARR businesses. And my investors and my operators, my operators are going to, because I'm hiring like, you know, FDE profile, like really, really top-notch FDE profiles. And I'm like screening for some of these spikes on the investment side, I'm not going to have an operating team. My deal team is responsible, that underwrites the deal, is also responsible for executing it. And so the cycle of my business is managed by having like 2 or 3 of these teams with like 2 to 3 operators, 2 to 3 FDEs. And like each team kind of goes through these like 18-month cycles. Where they'll be very focused on like one port co. This is really interesting. This is a little bit similar to that fund in Toronto, the one I was telling you about that was trying to build a new version of What's like the software rollup, the big IPO, the public company that does software rollups? You know, something like that. Bending Spoons? This guy's started by— I think I told you about these guys, right? I spoke to them like a year and a half ago, I think. Um, Okay, I'm just gonna send this to you. I was like just doing some digging. Um, Yeah, all the softer PE guys in our class. Are. Or what? Uh, connected to Beacon. Yeah, because it's— Nealon is the guy. Um, I'm trying to find seconds. I need the notes from that conversation. This was like a year ago. But what were you talking to them for? Oh, well, I was just like, I wanted to actually just talk to Neelam because I was like, hey, if I move back to Canada, somebody who's like good to know. Oh, oh, I see. So I got connected. This was not in the Glean context. No, no, no. So I got connected. He punted me to his head of biz ops, whatever, because there's a lot cheaper staff. And I was like, bro, fuck you. But then I was like, fine, I'm just going to use this as an opportunity to learn fucking everything. So I pretended I was interested in a job. I really wasn't. I wanted to learn everything about what they do, but they're doing the same thing, which is they're buying, but they're going after pure software businesses, right? But they're basically rebuilding the engineering, the tech stack. Within these niche businesses and then expecting to hold and realize the cash over time. So that, that's a different angle which comes to Um, that's a different angle which comes to Do you hold it? Or do you sell it? And David Liu's like, you should join my companies, like kind of sell on that. Was. With how things are going, it's really hard to predict like what'll work in 10 to 15 years, so we'd rather just flip it, get our gains, and then we can always hold it if we really want to. But like their mental model is flip it and move on. Whereas like a lot of these holdacos is like, I'm just going to operate the business better. And focus on, you know, not 3x-ing this business, but just consistently getting my like 12 to 20% improvement in cash flow. Yeah, Long Lake is very much like, I can tell from their interview process, like very much about agentifying like the actual businesses, like they were asking everything from like agent design to like, how do you convince like a resistant leadership team, like to adopt AI after their company's been purchased and all that stuff. So there's 2 very different theses on what like the winning move is. The problem is if you buy a company whose tech stack is in such bad shape, Um, then you can't do any of this stuff. No, because you have to fix that shit. And I think the solution to that for Long Lake is they're building an internal platform. So they'll just say like, fuck your existing tech stack, we're going to do one big data migration, you're going to use our tech stack. Because they're going vertical specific. Yeah. And then they'll start getting like shit, like, you know, they're building like, they're building an internal platform called Nexus. And so like all inference spend is routed through Nexus, right? So now like all your port codes get like economies of scale just by simply being a part of your thing because everyone's like, you're getting the benefit of pricing and all that. Um, I think we could execute either one. If we wanted to like go down this route. Um, Lisa was saying the hard— like, what were like the key takes, takeaways from like what Lisa was telling you about this stuff? So she was saying, um, I mean, it depends where in the Where in the stack we play. Um, She was saying there's like a few things, right? One is like she was coming out of work. Is there anything that's not in the like tech slash in the value chain of tech slash Agentify, a business that's interesting to you? Like actually from this PDF or not from this PDF? Like I think the one thing that's not in the like tech Agentify, like a business or that value chain, whether it's services advisory, like helping a business prep to sell whatever is. What? Does agent discoverability look like? And specifically the selling to businesses part of that. Is there an opportunity for anyone who's not a model provider or harness? To win there. That's the only other particularly interesting space too. So that's kind of what I had as one, which was like, okay, all these PE funds, many of them are owned services, they love services businesses right now. Right. Okay. How do those, and like they're banking on those services businesses. Actually getting growing revenue, not just improving cost. But the discoverability, the agent discoverability of those businesses is going to be really important. Do they have the in-house expertise to actually do that or not? Right? I mean, I'm quite convinced. That modern, like the existing, like crop of, you know, HIGs and TA associates and stuff. Will die slow, painful deaths as their like GPs extract a bunch of. Like money out of them. Because they don't have the talent. They have cash to hire the talent, but they've already doled out too much of the carry and stuff. And so the economics of like the existing GPs, you know, staying on, continuing to make the crazy money they want to make. And bringing on top-tier tech talent. The price that those guys command. Will not like, like you, it's better to just start from scratch. Yeah. Okay. Here's the other thing that's also happening. So like, as I've been in a bunch of these conversations recently, right, which I think is like another trend. So I've seen, I mean, this is part of the product I was telling you about. That I, that we're watching, um, well, we went for a walk a couple, couple weeks ago. So there's been a crop of, um, There's a few things that are actually happening. So one is like I was talking to Silver Lake. So TKO is one of our customers, like WWE and UFC and stuff, the parent company. They're owned by private equity, right? Yeah. So TKO bought Lean for like $2 million a year. Okay, on the promise of this like workflow mapping product that I was building. Mm-hmm. And there's like 2 things that have come out from that. One is like Silver Lake as the PE owner was like, you know, we're not activist investors. We're not activists. But we were shocked by that amount of spend because we have no idea how to think about it. So I was kind of wondering— wait, wait, they were shocked by that amount to spend in what way? Like, they were shocked that TKO spent $2 million a year on food. Who was? Oh, Silver Lake was. Okay. The second thing is this workflow mapping thing. So there's like conversions. I'm just sharing with you like conversions. You want to just walk around? I got on my phone now, so it'll still capture as we go. Then we can like chat about this stuff and then come back to the whiteboard like as we pick. What do you want to go? Just around the block. Uh, yeah, whatever. What's the point of that? Well, I figure we wrap up around like in like an hour, hour and 15 or something. Is your— is it nearby or do you have to— it's— I don't know if Uber's there, but I'm gonna keep going after that. But it depends, you have to go back, I think, right? Yeah, I mean, let's walk for a little bit and then if we want to— I've done this before, it works pretty well. Let me— let's just erase this. 
