Meeting Title: Product stickiness and moats for PE diligence platform
Date: Sep 19
Meeting participants: Maliki

Transcript:
Me: Okay. I think it's running now. So, like, imagine you're a PE fund or a search fund. Stickiness is actually the one question that's coming to mind here. Because, like, there's only so many variants of a tech stack and therefore, there's only so many variants of the AI diligence you can do. Right? So at what point and maybe it's just the full package because you're saying, hey. It's not just the AI diligence. It's the financial diligence plus the AI diligence. Plus the the combination of the two. But at what point can, like, a PE investor do enough pattern matching off of the questions we're asking and the analysis we're running that they just cut us as a product. And and maybe answers come to mind. Sorry. Yeah. Go on. No. No. Say your thing. I was just saying, maybe maybe it's actually that's an invalid question because capabilities are changing so quickly. That you constantly actually have to be update up to date here. So even questions that might have been asked a month ago will not be valid now. That's, I think, like, the easiest answer in my opinion. Answers. Four answers come to mind. Oh, lovely. K. Answer zero answers answer zero is what you said, but I think that's a short term answer. I do expect at some point things will stabilize out a bit more. Answer so that's answer zero is, like, product velocity But that's gonna be the case for literally any company that has, like, an iota tech like, the next eighteen months to thirty six months. So product velocity is zero. Number one, is to be successful, PE funds need to, like, continually due diligence. It's not a one off I've acquired the company, and I'm done. Like, successful PE funds raise subsequent funds to continue paying, like, there is a you know, Ponzi scheme ish aspect to the game. So in and of itself, a diligence product does have, like, a repeatable pattern to it. They're not gonna, like, invest in three companies and then stop. Number two is if we do a good job at identifying organizational transformation, it should then stick within their port code to continue to accept. To continue to assess how they're doing and what opportunity is left. So it should transfer from the p like, the diligence process should then transfer into, like, operating the company. And if we do a really good job, that's, like, the visibility and intelligence that that's like the actually, I think visibility is the right word. That's the visibility a PE has into their port code. It's through our product. Because they don't give a shit about, like, the daily operational details. They care about, like, the What is the board asking? So that's answer number two. Answer number three is if you own the data and you then are able to become a platform, once you hit the platform, you have a completely different moat than stickiness. Once you make it out of the first stage of the product. Which is the diligence product. So I think so I I agree that PE firms are continuously doing diligence. I think what I was saying is, like, think about think about the our experience with the. Right? Where there was a initial diligence that we did took, like, ten or twenty hours. But by the time we got to the end, it was taking us three. Right? Because it was the same patterns we were seeing all over the place. Same types of problem spaces. And I see this even with my customers at Glean now. Right? The problems that they're facing, like, are so similar. That the the way we solve them might change, but the problem identification is similar. So I think my my my, like, my I was just putting my skeptic hat on for a second, right, which is, like, if things start to stabilize, and we're asking similar types of questions, for, like, a 100 diligences that a fund might do What's stopping that fund from just being like, fuck it. We're not using this anymore. Not gonna pay this. Because the questions they're asking for you know, target 11 through a 100 are the same as one to 10. We figured out what those questions are. Right? So that that's that. Because the value is not only the questions, but the value is also like, what data do you have? How did you clean the answers to those questions from the data that you have? And were we able to, in a short period of time, collect auxiliary data through a set of processes, whether we deploy voice agents or screen recording or whatever Yep. To get auxiliary data. So, like, those systems and processes have inherent value. Yeah. So so I think that's the second. So OP investor when some I think your your question of I've used successful products so let me replace successful product. With myself is, like, not a pattern to have. Yeah. I I know. I know. It's just, like, PE funds are very notorious about cutting spend where they can. Right? So I I I was just trying to pressure test that assumption. Yeah. I think I think there are technological moats. I think there are data moats, I think there are process modes. So I think this is what we need to capture in the document we write. Is, like, actually Right. Which is why I was, like, hoping you'd record this. Yeah. Exactly. So so it it is it is Yeah. If you got it, great. Worst case, I'll remember it. No. It it's it's recording. So, basically, it's it's it's I actually think what we need to do is actually, like, detail out Like, this is actually the product shapes that we foresee, and here's the capabilities that are needed. Based on our point of view today. Right? Because that then underpins the assumptions that we're making around what the value is and where the stickiness exists. If we're talking about visibility, visibility requires a ton of shit Right? Like, are we talking about building a mini glean? Because that's really hard to do. Are we talking about, like, you know, having observability over you know, the MCP calls that companies are making and the queries are I mean, I don't even know how you can I guess no? There is a I'm hearing you basically say you believe in the business model. You don't have faith in the product. Yet. Am I capturing that? Like, the feasibility of the product. I think what I wanna do is, like yeah. Let's let's actually, like, let's detail out what we think the product is. That's what I'm saying. But I I agree that it is needed. I'm not saying it's not needed. What I what I'm just trying to figure out is, like, what are the assumptions we're making around, like, what has to be built how easy are those things to build. Because then if, like, I need to go diligence a little bit, right, with, like, you know, let me pause this for a second. Let me pause. I think in general, you're right. Like, we just we we've had a productive day of conversation. It's now, like, to do our homework to advance the conversation. Yeah. Exactly. And it sounds like the core uncertainties are more around the product shape and capabilities than the business model. Yeah. So we should spend more time on depth around that. Yeah. Which is totally reasonable. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Alright. Cool. I will get those things. Just send me, like, the audio file or notes or whatever. I'll get everything processed, and I'll start just, like I'll give you a shell of a document. With some stuff filled in tomorrow. Yeah. Then we can go and leave comments and just get, like, agents cranking on them. And once there's, like, something that's, like, 20 pages too long, like, I'll turn that into something that's, like, three pages. Yeah. And and I I think what we should also do is just, like, as part of that, we should, if we can, like, pull together, like, a view of what the architecture diagram looks like here. Right? Even if we're saying, like, okay. A big part of this is them uploading their data. Right, to do the initial diligence. Okay. What does that actually look like? Like, how much of their data like, what data are we asking? We're gonna need Lisa for some of this stuff. Yeah. So there's the financial data. Probably quite a bit of this. Yeah. I think these are questions then, right, that we have to figure out. It's like, what data do we actually need uploaded? Right. Right? Because that then impacts the structure of the architecture here. Yes. 100%. Okay. Yeah. I think I think we're all pointing in the right direction. I think this is the first concrete idea we've talked about that doesn't seem dead on arrival within twelve hours. Let's keep going. Let's I like the I like the idea of, like, keeping Farrah close as a senior adviser, but not, like, bringing her all the way in yet. Yeah. We definitely need a PE person, so happy very happy for that to be Lisa. Think she's great. Let's get this stuff moving. Sounds good. Okay. I'll send you this transcript shortly. Okay? Alright. Sounds good. I'll I'll reply to Lisa in the next, like, half an hour so we can schedule something for the next weekend. Are you you're not around next weekend, though. Right? No. No. I'm not around next weekend, but you guys should meet in person, and then I can just, like, be a volunteer. We can meet in person, and then we can, like, before or after, then we can, like I the bulk is, like, you call with you and you would then I can get coffee with her before or after. Yeah. Exactly. She actually wanted to spend all day together, all three of us. I was like, I would love to. I'm just not here next weekend. So Well, I'll I'll get this I mean, anyway, like, I have some catch up to do with her, so I'll do that first. And then next time, whenever, like, you call me, Yeah. Okay. Cool. Okay. Alright. Okay. Sounds good. Thanks too. See you. Bye. Bye. Bye.
